[Music]
the gods gave us many gifts one day
you'll know them all this is where we
keep them
it's beautiful whoo it was only the
fiercest among us even could and that is
not you Diana
you will train harder than any Amazon
before her five times harder ten times
harder girl never let your guard down
you expect the papal to be fair until
she is better than even you
but she must never know the truth about
what she
[Music]
what is this who are you
it is our sacred duty to defend the
world wherever you are you are in more
danger than you think
be careful Diana no one else will defend
the wolf in a month
welcome to jolly ol London here yeah
it's not for everybody
or maybe not
there anything else you wish only
[Music]
what
I am jnop mascara doctor of Napolitan in
the name of all that it could feel rest
upon this one
is over
[Music]
Oh yep that's not going to work please
put the sword down it doesn't go with
the outfit at all I used to want to
thank the one beautiful
but the closer you get the more you see
the great darkness within
I learned this the hard way
a long long time ago
what is your mission to stop the war
what war the war to end all wars
weapons far deadlier than you can ever
imagine
you know one can be Howard
wherever you are you are in more danger
than you think cannot stand by while
innocent lives are lost
be careful
who is this woman she's my secretary sir
she's a very good secretary
because our sacred duty to defend the
world and it's what I'm going to do
[Music]
how can a woman partially fight in this
fight we use our principles although I
am NOT opposed to engaging in a bitter
fisticuffs should the occasion arise
you know man
I mean yuh-huh
[Music]
you have been my great
be careful Diana
[Music]
thank you not deserve you
if you never met a man before what about
your father I had no father I was
buzzing like crazy oh that's neat
[Music]
I can't do that
what I do not fear
[Music]
it's a candy I'm seeing Travis secretary
what is a secretary I go where he tells
me to go and I do what you tell them to
do or and where I'm from that's called
slavery I really liked her so there is a
beauty
[Music]